The world is big, and full of many thing, so many things people see different in it, not always good or bad, it all depend on your point of view. People who live in different places think about things in different way, like how you see the sun, or the sky or how cold it can get, or even the food you eat, to some people the food is yummy but to others its not, its all depending where u live and how u see world.

Sometime i feel like life is like a journey, but like a really confusing one. Its like walking in fog, not knowing where your going, your just going forward and hope you dont fall down into a hole or bump into something you dont want. But we have to keep going because if we stop, what will happen then? Will we be stuck forever? I think it important to keep moving, like the way rivers always flow, never stopping no matter what, even if its a little stream or a big ocean. Keep moving.

People says different things about life. Some says you should be happy all the time, others say life is just about struggle and thats how it is. Theres so much advice and opinions that sometimes it confusing. Some people say follow your dreams, but how do you know what your dream is if you never really knew what dreams are. Sometimes I think people don't really understand what they say when they give advice like this. Its almost like they don’t know how hard it really is.

Life has always been a complicated. I mean we go to school, work, eat, sleep, repeat. Is that the meaning of life? Is it all about just surviving, making money, paying bills, buying stuff we don’t need just so we can feel good for little bit? I think it gotta be more to it, right? We all work so hard but for what? Someday when you look back, what will be the thing you remember the most? Maybe the time you spent with family or the place you’ve been or maybe it just being happy. But then what is happiness? Is it just feeling good? Is it really that simple?

Also, another thing, people always telling you what you should be. What kinda job you should have, what career is best, and how you should be successful. They tell you how to dress, talk, what kinda things is good for you to do, but do they really know? Do they really understand you? I don’t think so. You’re always thinking about others expectation of you, that you forget about your own thoughts and wishes. Its like being a puppet with strings pulled by others. And that’s not fair.

The society, it make everything seem like you have to follow certain rules. Don’t make mistakes, be perfect, or they will judge you. But what if mistakes is how we learn? If you never make mistake, then how you gonna grow? It’s a big problem, this pressure. But the world don't care about mistakes, only success. So we try to be perfect, but it impossible. People get stressed out. Some even feel like their life is useless. But its not true, mistakes are normal, they are a part of learning. Without mistakes, there would be no progress.

Also, the internet. Oh, the internet. Its funny how everyone think they know everything now because of the internet. Everybody has their opinion, but sometimes opinions aren’t facts. Its like, anyone can say anything and then people believe it just because they read it online. That’s scary. People spread rumors, fake news, and lies, and some people believe it. Its all because of the internet. But internet is also good, it allows you to talk to people from far away and learn things that you wouldn't be able to. Its both bad and good, depends on how you use it.

Sometimes i think too much, and sometimes i don't think enough. I feel like everything I do is wrong but also I don’t want to just do nothing, but what if nothing is better than doing wrong things? But I still need to try and fail sometimes because how else will I grow? Maybe everyone have this problem, not knowing what right or wrong. Maybe that’s part of being human. Everyone have their own problems and maybe, in the end, it doesn’t matter because we all just try to get through the days.

And love. People talk about love all the time. Is it real? Or is it just what we think is real? Some people think love is the most important thing in the world. Others think it’s not. I mean, it’s confusing. We search for love, but what if we don’t find it? Or we find it and then we lose it? Is it worth the risk? People say love makes you stronger but also it can make you weak. How can something that feels so good also hurt so bad? Maybe love is a mystery we can never understand, but still, we try to find it.

And what about the future? People say the future is bright, but how do they know? The world is changing so fast. Every year is different. It’s hard to keep up. What will life be like in the future? Will we all live on Mars or will there be robots everywhere? I don’t know. But the future is something that everyone worry about, because no one knows what’s gonna happen. And that makes it scary.

I think about death too. Everybody eventually gonna die, right? But what happens after? Does anyone really know? No. Some believe in afterlife, others think nothing happens at all. But it’s a topic people don't want to talk about because it makes them uncomfortable. But I think about it sometimes, because life feels so short, and you don’t know when it will be over. Maybe that’s why we try to do so much, so we don’t feel like we missed out on something.

In the end, I guess we just gotta try to make the best of what we got. Life is messy and confusing. Everyone have their own journey. Some might find happiness. Others might struggle. But I think as long as we keep moving forward, we’ll figure it out. At least I hope we will.